c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\obj\x86\Debug\Assignment 1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\missile.xnb
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Assignment 1.exe
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Assignment 1.pdb
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\obj\x86\Debug\Assignment 1.exe
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\obj\x86\Debug\Assignment 1.pdb
C:\Users\filip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Assignment 1\Assignment 1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
